From may 3rd onwards 
     inicio del brete-May 3rd - 9th 82 notable solar flares were observed coming from 2 regions of the sun called “AR13663” and “AR13664”

    6 de mayo -It was on the 6th that the most intense flare occurred, being of a X4.5 intensity. though it would take a few days to 
show any impact on our planet.

    7 de mayo -The first signs of the solar storm started late on May 7th with two strong solar flares. followed by more solar flares directed towards the planet earth.

    8 de mayo -May 8th, the CMEs are rapidly approaching the atmosphere of the earth.

    9 de mayo -May 9th, the collision with earth is fast approaching and will occur in a few hours.

    10 de mayo(1) -It was on May 10th when aurora borealis became visible on some regions of the planet (some of them including the United States, Mexico, Jamaica, Spain, Algeria, Africa, etc.).
     
     10 de mayo(2)-This occurred as a result of the CMEs bunching up, traveling at a speed of 3 million mph creating a long lasting geomagnetic storm that reached a rating of G5, being the highest level on the geomagnetic storm scale.
It was on May 10th when the strongest aurorae displayed itself, illuminating the night sky all around the globe.
     
    11 de mayo(1) -And on May 11th some of the aurorae were still visible in some areas of the world, some without the need of amplification devices such as cameras or telescopes.
     
    11 de mayo(2) -The storm negatively affected ground-based broadcasting and two-way communications, more specifically on the high frequency band, affecting some work areas such as agriculture and communication media all around the world.
       +Some devices such as the “John Deere RTK GPS” were acting in a degraded state, reporting locations inaccurately which caused the automatic tractors to handle the use of GPS wrongly, which caused some farmers to cease activities while the phenomenon took place.
       +some flying devices, such as drones, presented interferencies regarding the GPS and magnetic signals they use to be controlled, which caused the pilots to have a difficult time hovering in place or even crashing down with nearby structures due to the loss of control.
       +communication media had some problems depending on which frequency line they were operating in. This could be seen with certain CSP, such as AT&T and T-Mobile, stating the possible problems that could arise from the geomagnetic storm. 

    12 de mayo - On May 12th, the aurorae dissipated but some minor issues still persisted.
       +some of these problems were related to satellites regarding the expansion of the upper atmosphere causing satellite drag and orbital decay.
     13 de mayo - While some issues still persist, they have become weaker overtime.

     14 de mayo - It's here where most effects surrounding the storm have ceased to affect the earth.

     15 de mayo - 
